I just aircraft lecture here did you an
unboxing of my birthday on boxing of the
line air 747-400 pretty nice box let's
get to any box this is the there's two
versions PK l hf I got the PK l hg I
think the LHC sounds good I got this one
here's the model rolling gears stand
whole with the Phoenix logo these tires
active pivot the Stars time
hey nice mole
then from this is the software some four
hundred the Sun four seven four hundred
it's still in production with other ones
are like no longer being product
produced but recently their their plan
replacing it with the 747-8
intercontinental I like the fini small
son four seven mode nose looks so
realistic
as you can see line their logo on the
tail apu and until then this is our pop
collector please comment rate subscribe